T4L17oVfSTkl1mAk:1:Basic:Boltholes:You have effective locations to lay low between operations. When you reduce heat, you can spend nuyen or rep 1-for-1 to the add to the final number of heat reduced by the result of your roll (this can reduce more than 5 heat). When you roll entanglements, choose one:treat your current heat level as one lower—the GM rolls your wanted level at -1d.
F31xYBNwhtKIUk1T:1:Basic:Cryptovault 1:You have an array of money laundering devices, increasing your storage capacity for nuyen to 8. A separate area can be used as a signal-blocking containment area (choose one site).
Ziqc1GJS4NdFuO7H:1:Basic:Cryptovault 2:Increses your capacity for nuyen to 16.
6hc7dqB1q2XkkMXT:1:Basic:Cohort 1:A cohort is a team of NPCs or a single expert NPC who works for your crew.  For all the details on cohorts, see page 118.
H29RrfdTQvol6YIp:1:Basic:Cohort 2:A cohort is a team of NPCs or a single expert NPC who works for your crew.  For all the details on cohorts, see page 118.
Njf3lWdGz4MHJjoB:1:Basic:Cohort 3:A cohort is a team of NPCs or a single expert NPC who works for your crew.  For all the details on cohorts, see page 118.
rUbfiDPrzbqXuMQX:1:Basic:Cohort 4:A cohort is a team of NPCs or a single expert NPC who works for your crew.  For all the details on cohorts, see page 118.
AdZEUezye52y8T12:2:Basic:MedSled:Your crew has registration for medical services through MedSled. You may call on their contracted services to activate one of the following benefits (free of charge):an extraction team to transport injured crew members to a medical facility—free access to a licensed physician for an entire downtime phase. Your benefits refresh after each run. This costs 2 upgrade boxes to unlock. For details on extractions and other possible benefits, see page 156.
c6EnGURf5xMmUekW:2:Basic:Mastery 1:Your crew has access to master level training. You may advance your PC action ratings to 4 in all actions that fall under a single attribute of choice:Intuition, Body, or Willpower.
7j4C9ymTFW9aP3Cs:2:Basic:Mastery 2:Mastery applies to all action ratings (including the special ones).
ZQZEITkphRCyZNTS:1:Basic:TacNet:You have a passenger vehicle stocked with an array of communications and surveillance technology that shields it from counter-surveillance. Further, any crew members in the same district as your TacNet may perform teamwork maneuvers, regardless of the distance separating them. You might roll your crew’s Tier if these measures are ever put to the test, to see how well they thwart counter-surveillance. You can move your TacNet between districts freely during downtime.
FuwPoxJeCdPH7VlN:1:Basic:Training:If you have a Training upgrade, you earn 2 karma (instead of 1) when you train a given karma track during downtime (Intuition, Body, Willpower, or Playbook karma). This upgrade essentially helps you advance more quickly. See Advancement on page 46 for details. This upgrade represents the benefits of sharing tactics and lessons with one another. It’s not location-based. If you have Intuition Training, when you train Intuition during downtime, you mark 2 karma on the Intuition track (instead of just 1). If you have Playbook Training, you mark 2 karma on your playbook karma track when you train that.
4ooz5zCMfnl9Id46:1:Basic:Quality - Comms:Each upgrade improves the quality rating of all the PCs’ items of that type, beyond the quality established by the crew’s Tier and fine items. You can improve the quality of Comms (including cyberspace provider), Gear (covers Burglary Gear, Climbing Gear, and Lighting Gear), Supplies, Tools (covers Demolitions Tools, Technical Tools, and Mechanical Tools), and Weapons. So, if you are Tier 0, with a scratch-built cyberdeck, and the Quality upgrade for comms (+1), you could contend equally with quality 2 network protection.
aXjXK3gwdwbBVu3f:1:Basic:Quality - Gear:Each upgrade improves the quality rating of all the PCs’ items of that type, beyond the quality established by the crew’s Tier and fine items. You can improve the quality of Comms (including cyberspace provider), Gear (covers Burglary Gear, Climbing Gear, and Lighting Gear), Supplies, Tools (covers Demolitions Tools, Technical Tools, and Mechanical Tools), and Weapons. So, if you are Tier 0, with a scratch-built cyberdeck, and the Quality upgrade for comms (+1), you could contend equally with quality 2 network protection.
Co4OvH8Y2JizWuPV:1:Basic:Quality - Supplies, Tools:Each upgrade improves the quality rating of all the PCs’ items of that type, beyond the quality established by the crew’s Tier and fine items. You can improve the quality of Comms (including cyberspace provider), Gear (covers Burglary Gear, Climbing Gear, and Lighting Gear), Supplies, Tools (covers Demolitions Tools, Technical Tools, and Mechanical Tools), and Weapons. So, if you are Tier 0, with a scratch-built cyberdeck, and the Quality upgrade for comms (+1), you could contend equally with quality 2 network protection.
muG84TumJPr7B7DK:1:Basic:Quality - Weapons:Each upgrade improves the quality rating of all the PCs’ items of that type, beyond the quality established by the crew’s Tier and fine items. You can improve the quality of Comms (including cyberspace provider), Gear (covers Burglary Gear, Climbing Gear, and Lighting Gear), Supplies, Tools (covers Demolitions Tools, Technical Tools, and Mechanical Tools), and Weapons. So, if you are Tier 0, with a scratch-built cyberdeck, and the Quality upgrade for comms (+1), you could contend equally with quality 2 network protection.
nmJ48hfCKZrjuKuD:1:Site:Boat house 1:The site has a boat, a dock on a waterway, and a small shed to store boating supplies. 
BPY2WZUf2jijHmtA:1:Site:Boat house 2:Improves the boat with armor and more cargo capacity.
aa4BuJIWHxlcv7hA:1:Site:Cleanroom:The site has a work area and tools for bioengineering and cybernetics, designed to maintain strict limits on signals, temperature, humidity, and contaminants. You may accomplish long-term projects and perform surgery with these assets without leaving the site.
YKLih6vxAgVfyC6x:1:Site:Garage 1:The site has a utility van, hydrogen condenser station, and a garage. Flying vehicles are expensive. Combustion engines and petroleum fuels are novelty items—most vehicles in the city combine compressed gases to produce electricity as their means of propulsion.
0qVT0fq5Nbaka95r:1:Site:Garage 2:Improves the van with armor and a larger, faster engine. 
WKIkSJLWTC8xRJN8:1:Site:Lodge:A supernatural workshop devoted to a particular arcane or emergent method (choose which one), with tools and materials for learning spells and performing binding ceremonies, as well as protective wards from supernatural interference and surveillance. You may accomplish long-term projects with these assets without leaving the site. See page 294 for information on detailing your lodge. Lodges devoted to opposing methods tend to conflict with one another.
l4l5X6gyoejueyJc:1:Site:Quarters:You have a shared living quarters for the crew in this site. Without this upgrade, each PC sleeps elsewhere, and is vulnerable when they do so.
YUHYvBZsJdq7NLMq:1:Site:Secure 1:The site has maglocks, alarms, and traps to thwart intruders. You might roll your crew’s Tier if these measures are ever put to the test, to see how well they thwart an intruder.
UqeJP5W5l2uc5zUh:1:Site:Secure 2:Improves the defenses to include protection against online threats. 
DtSTQBNOUdFtiGC1:1:Site:Workshop:The site has a work area with tools for electronics and chemicals, as well as a database of schematics and maps. You may accomplish long-term projects with these assets without leaving the site.
w6xDrbAgZk6IicWM:1:Site:Workstation:The site has a work area with tools for software development and high-technology research, as well as a database of cutting-edge algorithms and scientific theories. You may accomplish long-term projects with these assets without leaving the site.
VhrkxHMrA90qBgp0:1:Advanced:Added Site 1:You gain a hidden site in the city. When you take this upgrade, work with your GM to describe the new location and which fixer helped you get it. This upgrade requires Tier I and may be taken a number of times (in sum) equal to your crew’s Tier +1, each time choosing describing a new location. If the new location is in a new district, the GM should tell you who controls it and then you decide how to deal with them.
ayZk6KpI2PAyXfVf:1:Advanced:Added Site 2:You gain a hidden site in the city. When you take this upgrade, work with your GM to describe the new location and which fixer helped you get it. This upgrade requires Tier I and may be taken a number of times (in sum) equal to your crew’s Tier +1, each time choosing describing a new location. If the new location is in a new district, the GM should tell you who controls it and then you decide how to deal with them.
LnA6biDobjc0KVfk:1:Advanced:Added Site 3:You gain a hidden site in the city. When you take this upgrade, work with your GM to describe the new location and which fixer helped you get it. This upgrade requires Tier I and may be taken a number of times (in sum) equal to your crew’s Tier +1, each time choosing describing a new location. If the new location is in a new district, the GM should tell you who controls it and then you decide how to deal with them.
pEFvIZYAVFf84iy0:1:Advanced:Added Site 4:You gain a hidden site in the city. When you take this upgrade, work with your GM to describe the new location and which fixer helped you get it. This upgrade requires Tier I and may be taken a number of times (in sum) equal to your crew’s Tier +1, each time choosing describing a new location. If the new location is in a new district, the GM should tell you who controls it and then you decide how to deal with them.
dhkuN7flaSFNtNSi:2:Advanced:Headquarters:You are an established syndicate with a central base surrounded by an expansive grounds. Your safehouse now serves as a headquarters site which can no longer be hidden. In addition, you may pursue projects using any site’s asset without leaving your headquarters. A faction claims to control the area (the GM will tell you who)—when your status is positive with them, you may choose to lose 1 status with them or spend nuyen equal to your current wanted level +1 to make an entanglement involving lower-Tier authorities simply go away. This upgrade requires Tier I and costs 2 upgrade boxes to unlock.
eRTYmDUxC44tuOTv:2:Advanced:Landing Pad 1:Your have a long-range vehicle capable of vertical takeoff and landing, suitable for carrying a dozen people comfortably, outfitted with a retractable turret on the nose and tail. Your headquarters also features a landing pad and a hangar with added storage for flight supplies. This upgrade requires the Headquarters upgrade and costs 2 upgrade boxes to unlock. A third upgrade improves the aircraft with your choice of two added features:armor—faster engines—more cargo capacity—stealth.
fyiouy8FZzirzb4w:2:Advanced:Landing Pad 2:Your have a long-range vehicle capable of vertical takeoff and landing, suitable for carrying a dozen people comfortably, outfitted with a retractable turret on the nose and tail. Your headquarters also features a landing pad and a hangar with added storage for flight supplies. This upgrade requires the Headquarters upgrade and costs 2 upgrade boxes to unlock. A third upgrade improves the aircraft with your choice of two added features:armor—faster engines—more cargo capacity—stealth.
eaLyIuTxfS7r4Dz7:4:Advanced:Expansion 1:You have expanded your criminal operation to a new hidden site in a different city. You may spend upgrades for sites in your expansion city, and may accomplish long-term projects with these assets without leaving your headquarters. This upgrade requires the Headquarters upgrade, Tier II, and costs 4 upgrades to unlock. This upgrade can be taken a number of times (in sum) equal to the crew’s current Tier, each time selecting a new city.
4Fdqz3ZjSd7b6khO:1:Assassins:(A) Elite Thugs:All of your cohorts with the Thugs type get +1d to quality rolls for Thug-related actions 
sTebEIrmPxEyPBVJ:1:Assassins:(A) Elite Transporters:All of your cohorts with the Transporters type get +1d to quality rolls for Transporter-related actions.
Ybrk7PyBe0zL7ySW:1:Assassins:(A) Assassins Rigging:You get 2 free load worth of weapons or gear items. For example, you could carry a pistol (a weapon) and burglary tools (gear) for zero load.
3TvsjJ64EYurULzc:1:Assassins:(A) Calloused:Each PC gets +1 trauma box. This costs three upgrades to unlock, not just one. This may bring a PC with 4 trauma back into play if you wish.
fvE03EkAuXJiK5U1:1:Couriers:(Co) Elite Transporters:All of your cohorts with the Transporters type get +1d to quality rolls for Transporter-related actions.
OeMzL6t5Z5nu0Pa5:1:Couriers:(Co) Hoverboat:Add mobility to your safehouse. You can move it to a new location as a downtime activity.
7UrjLO57GOkUKr2I:1:Couriers:(Co) Camouflage:Your vehicles are perfectly concealed when at rest. They blend in as part of the environment, or as an uninteresting civilian vehicle (your choice).
BwBpksrhaKkDRbCC:1:Couriers:(Co) Couriers Rigging:Two of your carried items are perfectly concealed. You could carry 1 load of contraband and a pistol, perfectly concealed, even against a pat down.
RAJw87jmxEBSQqXY:1:Cults:(Cu) Elite Weirdos:All of your cohorts with the Weirdos type get +1d to quality rolls for Weirdo-related actions.
CTgLBNsOS4O6jIlp:1:Cults:(Cu) Greater Lodge in Safehouse:This counts as a supernatural workshop for all who practice the cult’s tradition (regardless of supernatural method), and is protected from supernatural interference and remote viewing. See page 294 for details. The GM might roll your crew’s Tier if these measures are ever put to the test, to see how well they thwart an intruder.
8kuReS4ej1PaOEKz:1:Cults:(Cu) Cult Rigging:You get 2 free load worth of document or implement items. For example, you could carry a focus and a use of reagents for zero load.
zDaaDV4Ex4qeek1u:1:Cults:(Cu) Calloused:Each PC gets +1 trauma box. This costs three upgrades to unlock, not just one. This may bring a PC with 4 trauma back into play if you wish.
zpU0dX5O1FkyGT3w:1:Mercs:(M) Mercenary Rigging:You get 2 free load worth of weapons or armor. For example, you could carry a sidearm & extra ammo or wear normal armor for zero load.
4VjGgCpRkxMB7zWT:1:Mercs:(M) Elite Thugs:All of your cohorts with the Thugs type get +1d to quality rolls for Thug-related actions.
RE1YpaJwPrCyHo0H:1:Mercs:(M) Elite Transporters:All of your cohorts with the Transporters type get +1d to quality rolls for Transporter-related actions.
s9DZFIXn73YVhIgC:1:Mercs:(M) Hardened:Each PC gets +1 trauma box. This costs three upgrades to unlock, not just one. This may bring a PC with 4 trauma back into play if you wish.
hH0HlKWddUEDgedu:1:Radicals:(R) Elite Operatives:All of your cohorts with the Operatives type get +1d to quality rolls for Operative-related actions.
5TkBu7TPxuyFcSw2:1:Radicals:(R) Elite Thugs:All of your cohorts with the Thugs type get +1d to quality rolls for Thug-related actions.
K9GeqwSji4eTQN9n:1:Radicals:(R) Radicals Rigging:One carried item is concealed and has no load. For example, you could carry a load of drugs or a weapon, perfectly concealed, for zero load.
EN4fnJQrVtub2Zxu:1:Radicals:(R) Hardened:Each PC gets +1 trauma box. This costs three upgrades to unlock, not just one. This may bring a PC with 4 trauma back into play if you wish.
dsd7sFi0SV35wwFw:1:Shadows:(S) Shadows Rigging:You get 2 free load worth of tool or gear items. For example, you could carry burglary gear and engineering tools for zero load.
YWTcWhDhj07nUZ8p:1:Shadows:(S) Underground Maps & Passkeys:You have easy passage through the underground sewers, tunnels, and subways of the city.
oM7PW5hnf35GPvye:1:Shadows:(S) Extra Added Site:You have an added site beyond the usual limits for a crew of your Tier. So if you are a Tier I crew, you can safely accommodate up to 3 sites, instead of 2.
SegOA8nS9MGoRqDc:1:Shadows:(S) Elite Operatives:All of your cohorts with the Operatives type get +1d to quality rolls for Operative-related actions.
zBmn2iVWI5FpEPBi:1:Shadows:(S) Elite Thieves:All of your cohorts with the Thieves type get +1d to quality rolls for Thief-related actions.
bwIMH4YCtTSyyv9Y:1:Dealers:(D) Elite Thugs:All of your cohorts with the Thugs type get +1d to quality rolls for Thug-related actions.
YlEkhhJXA2ET8vtg:1:Dealers:(D) Elite Rooks:All of your cohorts with the Rooks type get +1d to quality rolls for Rook-related actions.
ma5hUWysELF2FCnn:1:Dealers:(D) Dealer Rigging:One carried item is concealed and has no load. For example, you could carry a load of drugs or a weapon, perfectly concealed, for zero load.
KTDJYcrf2B8S0EXC:1:Dealers:(D) Brokeback Contracts:Your Tier is effectively +1 higher in prison. This counts for any Tier-related element in prison, including the incarceration roll.