KR6I5wPpICT8sBo3:Alamo Security:3:An independent security subcontractor that boasts about its tradition of no-holds-barred Texas justice and brutality. Well-known for its persistent personnel. They have teams of bounty hunters and private investigators with southern drawls.
muk6lgIGAWYesfWs:Astral Space Conservatory:3:HQ in nearby Oddworks Hall in Haiti. Research led by former dean of the University of Kingston. This foundation was funded by a powerful dragon’s last will and testament to monitor arcane misuse, protect astral space, and restore contaminated astral areas. 
K0nNB310xvwfFOgL:Atari-tendo United:6:The #2 and oldest mega, HQ in Japan. They are a classic Japanese zaibatsu, run in a traditional “family” style, with most employees signing lifetime contracts and even marrying within the corp. Specializes in nuclear power, environmental engineering, biotech, heavy industry, technical service, minerals, military goods, and a whole lot more.
rQj3eUS7y82P3b7P:The Atlantean Foundation:3:A fanatical group devoting to looking for and into anything and everything that might be connected to arcane power or Thera, Mu, aka the mythical city of Atlantis. In the process they have developed considerable relic-hunting and magic-researching capabilities. A mature dragon recognized the importance of this organization’s work by including a donation of a huge sum in his last will & testament. They have not been mentioned in the news lately—perhaps too preoccupied with a recent discovery by their arcane researchers.
9sWu26rtRUViFtMq:The Black Circle:3:A mysterious gathering of mages rumored to be “bound by blood” (whatever that means). It is said they are championed by former elite agents of the Illuminati, Knights Templar, and Freemasons. If you spot people in black robes casting weird mojo, take some notes, call the authorities, and get the hell out of there. Pissing them off is sometimes called “spinning the Black Circle” for the mayhem that ensues. 
SRpw00Wp5T3bRAlj:Bodies Unlimited:3:A corporation and organlegging criminal syndicate headquartered in Kingston. One of the best connected and protected criminal organizations in the world, feared for its secretive ways with high bounties on its leadership. It is rumored to be infiltrated by ghouls (secret and known) and sympathizes with the Infected. Known business is concentrated in the Pacific Rim, Africa, and across the Americas.
OcivI7dpN4I25o0S:Brokeback Corrections:4:A corrections facility rumored to be inescapable. Many ex-runners spend the bulk of their lives with burnt IDNs in here. Several criminal operations are run by convicts from within its walls.
0q4mCXEdBevNQaF1:Caliphate Global:5:The #7 mega (and most recent addition to the Big Seven), HQ in Cairo, Egypt. Focuses on entertainment, telecom, finance, and construction. Almost entirely owned by Nye McFly, a young entrepreneur whose online gambling winnings famously funded their takeover of several conglomerates.
W236d2z09LibeV19:Caribbean League Military:5:The armed forces of the Caribbean League stationed in Kingston. Garrisons of troops are posted at the Fort Clarence (just south of Portmore, on the coast), aboard the naval destroyer Midnight, and at the Kingston Council’s stronghold (a few hundred troops in total).
PuD0lZpnvptGy8fC:Citizenry:0:The ordinary citizens of a district can be represented by a faction, if you want to track status with them in the game. The GM will set their Tier according to the wealth and power of the citizens in that district (New Kingston might be Tier V, Havendale Tier II, Sewerton Tier I).
2svAVLZjtmKlcoLV:Classique Retro Fabrication:2:A custom weaponry shop, whose popularity has swelled among collectors and fanatics in recent years. This is mostly due to their denial of AI-driven replicators, but also their commitment to excellence. Being targeted by the megas for their staunch refusal to allow outside investors.
CgL5gVrG6KQhF0iD:The Cuban Mafia:5:An alliance of several crime families, all loyal to El Jefé. Represented locally by the Mannings. An brutally efficient syndicate known for being protective of its allies and quick to anger. Their role in the trafficking of people and drugs is undeniable
IYhNyZafvMvkwbaV:CyberSec Global:6:A vile, manipulative, and greedy organization with expansive power over the flow of data. They primarily serve the interests of the Big Seven and prevent cyberspace and the stock markets from crashing again. Rumored to be able to take control of private citizens’ neural implants with ease. It is said that corporate spies actually control the board room here. Some of those who answer for CSG’s actions are not even physical; simply AI. 
mjAMYX6VcuPJ9l50:Exo Heavy Industries:6:The #1 mega, HQ in Russia. Involved in military research and development, including weapons, vehicles, chemicals, and aerospace—with a domineering presence in finance and politics. Nearly 100% owned by the Drake family.
tQFK3YCSmH3AKZt5:Faster Than You:1:Extreme hover cyclists, drone enthusiasts, and parkour fanatics who sometimes run small shipments of drugs and guns across the streets of Kingston.
M87IyYZrEPMx55DK:GetsAround Delivery:2:Food delivery service provider, whose patented drones can frequently be seen zipping around in swarms to and from office buildings or arcologies. Recently made headlines for “1 billion served through automation.”
opGIsn891lqWduYU:Hindenberg Orbital:4:The #6 mega, HQ in Germany. Primarily concerned with orbital technologies, including geolocation services, lunar transport, mining, solar energy, and chemical engineering. They also own the only government-subsidized orbital cleanup operation, solidifying their global presence and giving them unique access to cutting-edge scientific research.
Nx0SNw69KjwQyTYX:The Institute of Arcane Research:4:Established to further a powerful dragon’s magical interests. Working in coordination with Atlantean Foundation, helping ensure these organizations will be formidable players in almost anything even tangentially related to magic for years to come.
wifZSPXFLN4oxCni:The Labor Party:2:Neo-anarchists who think citizens should use their rights to reduce the megacorps to rubble. Their families were almost completely eliminated by the People’s Party, but they seem determined to rise once again.
6F8M9kIyNdRDt5bi:Legionnaires:3:The security company tasked with upholding the law. Known as the meanest bunch of thugs in the city. Corrupt, infringing, and despicable.
81kv8OJ0E1x92vHI:Lord Vladimir:3:A noble from what was formerly Latvia, said to be “ancient.” They enjoy diplomatic immunity in most of the Caribbean League (not Cuba). Controls a number of clearing houses and banks for his extensive worldwide investment portfolio. Probably a vampire.
2t0F1cbKOtg8Xl3V:Machina Imperium:2:A radical movement devoted to the advancement of legislation granting autonomy and citizenship to machine intelligences. Mostly opposed by cyberneticists, quantum programmers, and others who understand the risks of such freedoms. Successfully blocked a recently proposed amendment concerning fully lifelike drones and shells—for now.
FAOCTsyk0srFsmzV:The Mad Dance:3:A feared paramilitary organization of cultists serving an actual devil. Their elites employ hallucinogens, pilot flying suits, and operate in open rebellion to laws designed to respect the dead. They seek to gain knowledge from the past through their “bloody dances”—designed to entice evil entities native to the darker metaplanes.
e6PwjnRLIDGWTxkB:The Manning Family:2:The local chapter of the Cuban Mafia which answers to El Jefé directly. Ruthless mobsters, notorious for murdering any who challenge them in broad daylight. Their control over the drug trade in St. Andrew is in question, as their former leader Lefty was recently murdered— shattering the tenuous alliance between the Talons and Mountain Rats he brokered.
BDTq0zBqsPQMZxES:Mexitech Logistics:5:The #4 mega, HQ in a platinum palace in Mexico City (capital of the Empire of Mexico). They’ve got their hands in more pockets than just about any other mega, and their public relations campaigns are second to none—which is good, because they’re also all about blood magic and evil conspiracies. The Mexican Empress has them protected as a government contractor, and the rest of the Americas depends on them for a variety of their daily needs. Many Panamanians despise this mega due to beliefs that they manipulate the weather to profit.
VygyUUAqFxd10rWc:The Mountain Rats:2:Vicious go-gangers known for their gratuitous use of face paint, powerful chemicals & explosives, and daredevil motorbiking. Often seen wielding neon baseball bats wrapped in razor wire.
yljPw58vcLVfNbIM:Mirror’s Edge:3:An underground online community consisting of an array of exceptional shadow minds gathered by Mirror to be a filter between the normies and the hacker elite. Mirror, perhaps the best hacker the world has ever seen, had to step down recently, but the group is still going strong.
vGKVuv4YnYpsqeEQ:Murphy’s Lunar:4:This international corporation owns the largest lunar transport service in the Americas and a huge solar utility company. They shuttle rich people from their private launchpad in the Cayman Islands to the colony on the dark side of Earth’s moon, and they own the majority of the solar arrays on the other side.
S91mZ8OyGth2gq4J:The Neo-Catholic Church:4:The closest thing to a “state religion” in Kingston, though not nearly as influential as they used to be. They abhor the corrupted spirit world and do their best to discredit those who upload their consciousness to cyberspace. Said to pay well for discreet exorcists and ancient historical texts.
jsZ0DgEfGJ58EuIk:Nukem Foods:2:Their food printing services include complementary microwaving and many streets license their devices to quickly prepare food and pick up trash. Their company would be much bigger if not for malfunctioning drone designs, and other unfortunate “mishaps.”
MRf2o747d7iXvnxs:The Otaku Remnant:3:a group of Japanese hackers descended from or allegiant to the Otaku, children who found themselves able to see and manipulate data naturally after the Awakening. It is rumored they died out, but some theorize that they are simply in hiding—still worshiping a dangerous AI.
UfyZOwDPMAoVNS9l:The Panamanian Consulate:3:A small representation of diplomats from the Panamanian Union with certain immunities; they will kill anyone, even their own kind, for trying to move in on their monopoly over the supernatural metal trade. They control a large portion of the gun trade as well through decades-old legislation and gang alliances. The People’s Party:A gang whose members hold various positions of power throughout the city. The elderly parents of the new generation are feared for the elimination of their rivals, the Labor Party (and their families!) using deadly nanobots.
Qrwcr2sqiIsktqOO:Petrovski Security:2:The recent rival for Alamo’s security contracts in the city. Led by a couple of ex-runners named Mr. and Mrs. Terminator—a couple of vodka-drinking Ukrainians with bodies full of implants, who employ a number of Russian loyalists and a fair number of ex-Red Army personnel. Long ago Mrs. Terminator acquired a large piece of land following the first Great Crash. They’re hiding something, but no one knows what because they’ve surrounded their property with a massive wall and backed it up with pretty impressive security. What’s happening in there is anyone’s guess—and there’s plenty of guessing going on.
i4e8ZhXHnoijwBrw:Protean Biotech:4:The biotechnology specialists responsible for much of the printed flesh and cloned organs across the world. They also own a variety of interests in agriculture and pharmaceuticals. Recently targeted the #8 mega and bankrupt them through clones infiltrating their board.
4J2omx8bEkrltF7C:The Rack:1:Desperate North American refugees seeking fame on the high seas, leading a bunch of convicts from Brokeback tasked with guarding Kingston Bay against dangerous sea creatures. They service businesses approved by the warden of Brokeback Corrections, and officially sanctioned nautical salvage operations and occasional reinforcements for maritime authorities.
xiMsSrvMMRatIDjA:The Scraps:1:Homeless children, beggars, hoodlums, and thieves who roam the sprawl. An impressive gossip network.
S8JVVxtRXWd3ZvYs:The Sky Wardens:3:Well-trained pilots authorized to police the skies with force.
Gsl850Cq3KWEonO4:Sinokatsu Dynamics:5:The #3 mega, HQ in the Free City of Hong Kong. The resulting merger of former manufacturing mega Sinowei Industries and financial mega Trionkatsu Enterprises. Its board suffers from high turnover due to vicious infighting and deadly politics. Controls a technology consortium focused on advancing legislature concerning the variety of utility companies they own (recently seeking to takeover Murphy’s Lunar). They are known for their experimental research & development into higher science fields including spacecraft, cryogenics, and particle physics.
yKp2x7ZdyKohQQfn:Sudushima Partners:2:Microchip manufacturer and cybernetic research & development firm, with strong ties to Kingston University. Many of their employees are students groomed through the Beacon Academy of Technology, which they fund and manage privately.
lNcxWAmvRfTrfB4J:The Talons:2:Legitimate sailors turned arms dealers. Their symbol is that of an eagle claw clutching a rifle. Many are war vets and seasoned mercenaries. Their vehicles often feature hardened plating, armed drone escorts, and powerful military weaponry.
oVxvzx14AXJY8cU1:Tritanium Partners:5:The #5 mega. HQ on the mobile ocean platform stationed near the Pacific coast of North America, known as Dusk City. CEO is elderly, their life sustained through self-experimentation with cutting- edge chemicals and bioengineering. Their focus is on transhumanist technologies ranging from cloning to cybernetics, and other even more “out-there” projects designed to take humanity to the next era of advancement. Also owns LifeLift Medical Services, competitor to MedSled. They own their own space station, and are rumored to have an experimental base on the moon too.
LyV2dQFHNQPk3xFO:Uber-Besos:3:The combined remnants of two former megacorporations, trying to make a comeback. They focus on automated technologies for transportation and delivery, and have their fingers in a number of other related industries including entertainment, finance, manufacturing, and consumer products.
3ERphJcJYdSabF7R:The Underteeth:1:An up-and-coming gang of thieves who wear matching baseball caps and call various hubs in Sewerton their turf. Their symbol is a set of sharpened incisors. Grinder, a former runner and demolitionist, turned neo-anarchist, now leads this deadly bunch of terrorists and instigators—and sign their deals in blood and ash.
FY9Ou1ZeUwkJdEpW:The Violet Twins:2:Parolees on house arrest in Barbican, refusing to vacate the premises. A gathering of citizens awaits their next public prayer.
GMgUrVm2Urznh063:Welshire Holdings:4:Largest network of banks in Kingston. Launders money for the Yakuza and numerous foreign interests through diversified portfolios.
GDURluFO51H9e3Km:XXIII:4:A vile group that is obsessed with numerology and lets free spirits possess them to grant them great power. No one can be certain of its membership, but they went dark around the time that
6HMTgKb6FpCkLYbL:The Yakuza:4:HQ and oyabun (leader) in Japan. Atari-Tendo uses Yakuza foot soldiers to do their dirty work, while the Yakuza uses Uber-Besos as the greatest money-laundering organization the world has ever seen. One big, fraggin’ happy family.